Update GHCP AppMod docs: scenarios, platforms, and titles (#54664)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/github-copilot-app-modernization/install.md

## Install

> Install through the Visual Studio Code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install as a Visual Studio Code extension:
```

1. In Visual Studio Code, open the **Extensions** view (<kbd>Ctrl+Shift+X</kbd>).
1. Search for **GitHub Copilot upgrade**.
1. Select **Install**.

The extension automatically acquires the .NET SDK if it's missing, registers tools, and adds the agent to Copilot Chat as `Upgrade`.

## Verify the installation

1. Open a project in Visual Studio Code.
1. Open the **GitHub Copilot Chat** window.

> 1. Send `@upgrade` in chat and see if it responds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Send `@upgrade` in chat and confirm the agent responds.
```
Very minor: take or leave.

>    \-or-

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   -or-
```
Seperator was escaped or was a typo, elsewhere -or- is used so making this one the same.

Before you install, make sure you have:

- [GitHub Copilot CLI](https://gh.io/cli) installed.
- GitHub Copilot subscription (paid or free).

## Install

Install through the GitHub Copilot CLI:

1. Open the GitHub Copilot chat window.

1. Add the marketplace plugin:

   ```console
   /plugin marketplace add microsoft/upgrade-agent-plugins
   ```

1. Install the plugin:

   ```console
   /plugin install upgrade-agent@upgrade-agent-plugins
   ```

## Verify the installation

Run `/agent` to confirm that `upgrade-agent` appears in the agent list.

::: zone-end

::: zone pivot="github-copilot-app"

## Prerequisites

Before you install, make sure you have:

- [GitHub Copilot app](https://gh.io/app) installed.
- GitHub Copilot subscription (paid or free).

## Install

Install through the GitHub Copilot app:

> 1. Click on [this link](https://github.com/copilot/app/launch?entry_point=upgrade_agent_docs&open=ghapp%3A%2F%2Fplugins%2Fmarketplace%2Fadd%3Fsource%3Dmicrosoft%2Fupgrade-agent-plugins) to automatically open the **Settings** > **Plugins** window in the GitHub Copilot app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click [https://github.com/copilot/app/launch](https://github.com/copilot/app/launch?entry_point=upgrade_agent_docs&open=ghapp%3A%2F%2Fplugins%2Fmarketplace%2Fadd%3Fsource%3Dmicrosoft%2Fupgrade-agent-plugins) to automatically open the **Settings** > **Plugins** window in the GitHub Copilot app.
```
